:root {
  --primary-blue: rgb(42, 127, 140);
  --secondary-blk: rgb(41, 40, 41);
  --secondary-white: rgba(245, 245, 245);
  --secondary-white-opaque: rgba(245, 245, 245, 0.5);
  --accent-blue: rgb(0, 173, 174);
  --accent-red: rgb(233, 115, 85);
  --accent-green: rgb(177, 198, 118);
  --accent-darkgray: rgb(109, 110, 113);
  --accent-gray: rgb(167, 169, 172);
  --accent-lightgray: rgb(230, 231, 232);
}

{
PIZZA PADDLE
New! A pizza peel is a tool every pizza lover needs. It helps you get a pizza on and off a preheated pizza stone safely and with less mess.

This peel is made of durable acacia wood and has a tapered edge to help it slide easily under food. The hole at the end of the handle lets you hang it up for easy storage.

PRODUCT DETAILS
20½ x 14" (52 cm x 35 cm)
Hand wash
},

{
PREMIUM CHARCUTERIE & CHEESE BOARD SET

NEW! The Premium Charcuterie & Cheese Board Set has everything you
need to make entertaining a breeze. The set features an Acacia wood Lazy
Susan and our Charcuterie & Cheese Board Accessories.

PRODUCT DETAILS
CHARCUTERIE & CHEESE BOARD ACCESSORIES
Set includes:
Fork
Spreader
Knife
Crumbler
Two bowls with spoons
Four cheese tags with eight paper labels.
Comes with a cotton bag for gifting or convenient storage.
LAZY SUSAN
13¼" x 1½".
12" diameter.
Can be locked in place.
Base is removeable for display or cleaning.
Acacia wood.
See individual product pages for more information.
}


{
Stainless Steel Skillet
GO-TO SKILLET FOR ONE-POT MEALS
This innovative pan combines the best features of stainless steel and nonstick cookware. The nonstick mesh coating provides the perfect sear (without the mess) and leaves fond for pan sauces and gravy. The size is perfect for one-pot meals.

PRODUCT DETAILS
4¼-qt. capacity.
Includes lid.
The nonstick mesh grid lets you sear food and use fond to make pan sauces and gravy—and it's as easy to clean as nonstick cookware.
Cleanup is easy because it's dishwasher-safe.
Use your favorite utensils—even metal!
Heat-safe to 500°F.
Tempered-glass lid with stainless-steel rim is heat-safe to 500°F.
Designed without rivets, so there’s no food buildup or rusting.
Tri-ply clad—a heat-conducting aluminum core between an 18/10 stainless steel satin interior layer and a polished stainless 18/0 exterior layer for durability and faster, more even heating.
Flared rims make pouring easy and keep stovetops and counters free of drips.
Guaranteed for life.
}

{
  Cast iron Skillet
  CAST IRON COOKWARE IS MEANT TO BE LOVED
New! Cast iron is a cornerstone of cooking and has a well-deserved place in modern kitchens. It’s meant to be used often, loved forever, and passed down through generations.

Our 12" skillet comes preseasoned, so you can start using it right away on most heat sources. And its natural, nonstick surface gets better and better the more you use it.

Cast iron’s excellent heat retention means that food stays hot and delicious even if not everyone makes it to the table as soon as dinner’s ready. It’s heat-safe up to 650°F, so it holds up to frying, broiling, grilling, and even campfire cooking. There’s no need to be gentle, metal tools won’t damage it, either.

Reach for this pan when you need a perfect sear on steaks or a golden, crispy crust on baked treats. Our skillet has a one-of-a-kind shape that gives you more cooking area—enough to fit four chicken breasts at one time. No need to cook in batches to feed your friends or family.

And, the two, low-profile pour spouts let you easily drain off pan juices whether you’re left- or right-handed. With the cooking traditions and durability of cast iron comes a certain weightiness, but not to worry, our skillet has two handles to help you lift and carry it.

Made in the USA

PRODUCT DETAILS
PTFE-free.
Pan scraper included for easy cleanup.
WARRANTY
Lifetime guarantee
}


{
CAST IRON DUTCH OVEN
New! Enameled cast iron is the kind of cookware that will become a fixture at every special meal you make—and that includes weeknight meals. This Dutch oven is beautiful so it’s ready to go directly from your stove (including induction) or oven to your table. You’ll reach for it again and again because it’s low maintenance and versatile.

The 6-qt. (5.7-L) Dutch oven has a light-colored enameled interior, which means you can start using it right away—no seasoning required—and it lets you easily see food browning so you can avoid scorching it. Cast iron’s excellent heat retention means that food stays hot and delicious even if not everyone makes it to the table as soon as dinner’s ready.

The lid has a sturdy handle that makes it easy to manage even with an oven mitt. And, the inside of the lid is covered with bumps that redirect the condensation in the pot to drip back onto the food, making it a self-basting pot. This makes your food juicy, tender, and more flavorful.

DO MORE WITH A DUTCH OVEN
Dutch ovens are known for low-and-slow braises and special-occasion meals. But they can do much more. Heat-safe up to 500°F (260°C), this pot is ideal for simmering sauces and cooking pasta and grains. And, they can even make a delicious loaf of bread.

PRODUCT DETAILS
Dishwasher safe for easy clean-up. Because the rim around the edge of the cast iron isn’t enameled, we recommend hand drying the baker when the cycle is finished to prevent rusting.
6.25 lb. ,12 ¾" x 10 ¼" x 8" (32 cm x 31 cm x 20 cm)
6-quart, 24 cups, (5.7-L)
WARRANTY
Lifetime guarantee
}

{
25% off through Jan. 31, while supplies last!*
BEST AIR FRYER FOR A FAMILY
Enjoy fried foods at home without all the mess, hassle, and oil of deep frying but with all the flavor and texture you love. Ours is family-sized to quickly cook up to six servings, a whole chicken or roast, or appetizers for a crowd. Like a convection oven, superheated air circulates giving food a crispy texture. No preheating is necessary, saving you precious time. Conveniently fits under kitchen cabinets.

AIR FRYER, ROTISSERIE, & DEHYDRATOR ALL-IN-ONE
Ours does more than just better-for-you air frying. It makes perfectly-cooked rotisserie chicken, crispy outside and tender inside, so you can skip the hit-or-miss ones at the grocery store. And it dehydrates fruits, veggies, and herbs so you can enjoy their fresh flavors well beyond the season.

PRODUCT DETAILS
Family-sized 11.6-qt. capacity fits up to a 4 lb. whole chicken.
Eight programmed settings: Air Fry, Bake, Roast, Rotisserie, Reheat, Dehydrate, Custom, and Rotate
Includes two cooking trays, basket, rotisserie set, drip tray, retrieval tool, removable shield, and a cooking guide.
14½" tall x 12 3/4" x 14 1/4"
HOW TO CLEAN
The removable shield, cooking trays, rotating basket, retrieval tool, and rotisserie set are dishwasher-safe.
The drip tray is hand wash.
Use a damp, non-abrasive cloth or sponge to wipe clean the outside, inside, and door.
}

{
  SALAD BOWL AND SERVERS
New! Even the simplest salads look impressive when served with this set. Our Wood Salad Bowl and Servers Set is made out of acacia wood with a rich color and beautiful grain that is not only durable, but moisture resistant. Each piece is one of a kind because of the natural variations in the wood.

The salad bowl holds a standard bag of lettuce with room for extra salad fixings. The serving spoon and fork are about 12-inches long and fit naturally into any party or dinner setting.

PRODUCT DETAILS
This set includes the following items (see individual product pages for more information).

Wood Salad Bowl
This large salad bowl, made of handcrafted acacia wood, is designed with high sides to make it easy to toss together a beautiful salad or side dish and serve it in style.
Wood Salad Servers
This handcrafted acacia wood fork and spoon set lets you dish up of beautiful salads and side dishes in style. They’re ideal for mixing, scooping, and serving.
}

{
SMALL SQUARE COOL & SERVE
The fun-sized Small Square Cool & Serve is perfect for parties, picnics, snacks, lunch on the go, and road trips. The exclusive gel insert (which features a handy finger slot for easy removal) keeps veggies, fruit, cheese, deli meat, dip, and other snacks cool for 4–6 hours—even outdoors! It comes with a clear insert divided into two compartments with a 1-cup dip well in the center, and has solid walls that keep food from mixing. The lid snaps onto the base so it’s easy to transport, and it even fits neatly underneath while in use.

Details

9” x 9”.
Lid nests under base for serving.
Dishwasher-safe.
Three-year guarantee.
}

{
Our Manual Food Processor can take care of nearly all your chopping and mincing needs, without needing an outlet. Just add your ingredients to the bowl and pump the handle for fast salsa, dip, cookie dough, baby food, tapenade. The more you pump, the finer it cuts! And when you’re done, the handle locks into the lid for easy storage in your cabinets.

PRODUCT DETAILS
5½" diameter.
3 cups.
Includes lid with pump handle, bowl, blade post, and storage lid.
Pump locks down for easy storage.
HOW TO CLEAN
Storage lid, bowl, and blade are dishwasher-safe.
Lid is hand wash only. Do not submerge in water.
See Use & Care for full details.
WARRANTY
Five-year guarantee for noncommercial use. Refer to sales receipt for details
}
